---
title: Advanced
description: Event more customization with PyHost
extends: _layouts.documentation
section: content
---

# Using PyHost.toml

PyHost.toml is a file which can be added to the root of your django repository in order to provide extra instructions to PyHost.

```toml
[config]
requirements = "requirements/local.txt"
settings = "config.settings.local"
```
Below you can find information on all the keys and settings configurable via pyhost.toml.
## <a id="config"></a> Config
This is the section of the file where you can define general settings which should be read and understood by PyHost in the deployment process.
### <a id="requirements"></a> Requirements
This allows you to set a specific requirements file to be used by PyHost when running deployments of your site. More information on how to implement environment based requirement files can be found [here](https://riptutorial.com/django/example/8561/using-multiple-requirements-files).
The value must be a local path to the specific requirements file from the root of your repository.

> N.b if this value is not set then PyHost will look for a `requirements.txt` file anywhere in your repository.

### <a id="settings"></a> Settings
Defining the `settings` key in `pyhost.toml` allows you to specify which settings environment should be loaded when running your site.
This is useful if you want your site's settings to have different values when your site is running in production vs locally or in staging.
This pattern is what is used when creating a site using [Django Cookie Cutter](https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django) and allows finer grained control of environment-specific settings than the usual `settings.py` file found in the base site generated by `django-admin startproject`.

> Under the hood this value defines the `DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE` environment variable on the server so there is no need to specify this manually in the environment variables of the site.